The mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions.
What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it.
Shipping beats perfection.
There is no person living who isn't capable of doing more than they think they can do.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
We must not allow other people’s limited perceptions to define us.
Don’t look for society to give you permission to be yourself.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are.
Remember to always be yourself. Unless you suck.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
To find yourself, think for yourself.
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
A window of opportunity won't open itself.
Life is pretty simple: You do some stuff. Most fails. Some works. You do more of what works. If it works big, others quickly copy it. Then you do something else. The trick is the doing something else.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Don’t ever wrestle with a pig. You’ll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it.
Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you've got to put up with the rain.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it.
Until you're ready to look foolish, you'll never have the possibility of being great.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your dreams. Small people always do that, but the really great ones make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Live so that when your children think of fairness, caring, and integrity, they think of you.
It is better to play than do nothing.
It ain't over till it's over.
Never ruin an apology with an excuse.
If you are still looking for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
